---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Week 3 of APCSA log || Focus and Habits.
categories: [markdown,logs]
comments: true
title: APCSA Week 3 Learning Log
---

# Weekly Activities

This week in CSA, I learned about conditionals in Java: [Conditionals](https://supermengman.github.io/blog/jupyter/java/collegeboard/2022/09/06/java-boolean-expressions.html)

In addition, I also learned how to deploy onto AWS: [EC2](http://ec2-34-215-208-3.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com/)

# Reflecting on "Psychology and the Good Life"

One thing I really took away from the video is that our minds always lie to us about happiness. Sometimes, we think that we want so much more money than we need, when in the end it doesn't satisfy our needs. We might think that making more connections, getting good grades will fulfill something in us, but that just isn't the case all the time. 

Laurie Santos gives really good points on how to be happier, one of which was to spend more time reaching out to the people that you want to maintain social connections too. Developing from this, thanking those who really helped you and showing gratitude is another way. I don't feel as though I do that enough for people that I take help from for granted, especially from my mom and dad. 

Moving away from social, savoring moments in our life will also add to our happiness. Instead of having an outsider perspective on our life, actually living in it and applying ourselves will make us happier. I think I also need to work on this.

Reflecting overall on the video, I realize that I need to take action for my own happiness. Often, I find myself offputting things that I want or need to do, even though I know I will be happier if I do them. Lack of motivation is still in my hands, so here are some goals that I want to strive towards:

- limit the time I spend procrastinating on assignments to be happier at the end of the day
- use my phone less when talking to friends
- be grateful in my current position in life
- thank my parents more often
- reach out more to my friends instead of being the one being reached out to